2018-01-06-markdown/README.md, before:

# Resources

- [Markdown - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)
- [Mastering Markdown - GitHub Guides](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

# This is H1 header

This is also H1 header
======

## This is H2 header

###### This is H6 header


### Text styling

*Enclose by single star or single underscore to make text italic*

_Enclose by single star or single underscore to make text italic_

**Enclose by double star or double underscore to make text bold**

__Enclose by double star or double underscore to make text bold__

*Italic text with __bold__ inside it*

`Enclose by backquote to make text monospace.`

### Lists

* Unordered List
  * Item 1
    * Subitem 1-1
    * Subitem 1-2
  * Item 2
    * Subitem 2-1
  * Item 3
  * Item 4

- You can use
  - star or
  - dash to
    - create an unordered list

1. Ordered List
    1. Item 1
    1. Item 2
        1. Subitem 2-1
        1. Subitem 2-2
    1. Item 3
        1. Subitem 3-1
    1. Item 4
1. Second Block

---

1. Mixing
    - unordered
    - and
        1. ordered
        1. lists.
        1. Ordered lists require 4-space indent
    - but unordered lists don't.

### Images

![Alt text for image](image1.png)


### Block quotes

> This is text
> quoted from somewhere else

Commit message:

Add lines and paragraphs section.

2018-01-06-markdown/README.md, after:

# Resources

- [Markdown - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Markdown)
- [Mastering Markdown - GitHub Guides](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)

# This is H1 header

This is also H1 header
======

## This is H2 header

###### This is H6 header


### Lines and Paragraphs

Blank

line

makes

paragraphs.

Two spaces at the end of a line  
leaves a line break.

### Text Styling

*Enclose by single star or single underscore to make text italic*

_Enclose by single star or single underscore to make text italic_

**Enclose by double star or double underscore to make text bold**

__Enclose by double star or double underscore to make text bold__

*Italic text with __bold__ inside it*

`Enclose by backquote to make text monospace.`

### Lists

* Unordered List
  * Item 1
    * Subitem 1-1
    * Subitem 1-2
  * Item 2
    * Subitem 2-1
  * Item 3
  * Item 4

- You can use
  - star or
  - dash to
    - create an unordered list

1. Ordered List
    1. Item 1
    1. Item 2
        1. Subitem 2-1
        1. Subitem 2-2
    1. Item 3
        1. Subitem 3-1
    1. Item 4
1. Second Block

---

1. Mixing
    - unordered
    - and
        1. ordered
        1. lists.
        1. Ordered lists require 4-space indent
    - but unordered lists don't.

### Images

![Alt text for image](image1.png)


### Block quotes

> This is text
> quoted from somewhere else
